Improvements to NR1 app permissions docs (#1217)
newrelic/developer-website: src/markdown-pages/build-apps/permission-manage-apps.mdx

<Intro>

Details about permissions required for creating and managing [New Relic One applications](https://developer.newrelic.com/build-apps).

</Intro>

There are several factors affecting your New Relic One app permissions. 

## Basic user restrictions 

The most important permissions factor is [user type](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-user-management/new-relic-one-user-model-understand-user-structure/#user-type): 

> * **Basic users** can only develop New Relic One apps locally. They can’t publish or subscribe to an app, whether it's deployed in their account, available in [the public catalog](https://opensource.newrelic.com/nerdpacks/), or one they've built. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Basic users** can only develop New Relic One apps locally. They can’t publish or subscribe to an app, whether it's deployed in their account, available in the [New Relic One catalog](https://opensource.newrelic.com/nerdpacks/), or one they've built. 
```

Reviewer: Let's use the correct product term here...

Also I'm not clear what this means?

```They can’t publish or subscribe to an app, whether it's deployed in their account, available in the New Relic One catalog```

What are we trying to communicate here?

Author: @jpvajda I'm not sure what you mean by "correct product term" sorry. Could you clarify on that. 

We are trying to communicate that basic users can't actually publish a NR1 app, or subscribe an account/users to it (essentially they can't do higher level mgmt things with it), and that is true no matter if we're talking a NR1 app built for their NR account/org, or an app that's in our catalog (publicly available), or one they themselves have built and are trying to share in their org. Basically we're trying to clarify that this rule applies no matter the source of the app, because there has been confusion around 'well maybe this is true for NR1 app catalog but maybe I can publish it for my organization', things like that.

Reviewer 2: A lot of this terminology is confusing in general, not just in this document 😄 Technically, a user publishes a Nerdpack to the same New Relic One catalog that contains the publicly available, first-party New Relic apps. We just filter the apps that users can see. So, distinguishing between those that are "deployed in their account" and those that are "available in the New Relic One catalog" is slightly misleading.

I think something like this might clear that up:

> They can't publish or subscribe to any apps or custom visualizations, including their own.

Author: Oh sorry, I didn't see the "catalog"-related suggested change, makes sense now.

* **Full users** can theoretically do everything, but there may be restrictions due to custom role assignments (see below). 

## Role-related permissions 

> Full users have role-related rules that impact their ability to assign New Relic One apps and subscribe accounts to them. How this works depends on your account/user model: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Full users have role based permissions that impact their ability to assign New Relic One apps and subscribe accounts to them. How this works depends on your account/user model: 
```

Reviewer: Also what' does "assign" me in this context?

Author: i made an edit based on this. Basically was trying to communicate that there are limits on being able to subscribe accounts to NR1 apps.

* [Original user model](/docs/accounts/original-accounts-billing/original-product-based-pricing/overview-changes-pricing-user-model/#user-models): Owners and Admins can manage New Relic One apps, as can users specifically assigned the **Nerdpack manager** add-on role. For more details about how account access works for users, see [Account access](#account-access)

> * [New Relic One user model](/docs/accounts/original-accounts-billing/original-product-based-pricing/overview-changes-pricing-user-model/#user-models): the ability to publish and subscribe to apps is dependent on the "modify Nerdpacks" [capability](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-user-management/new-relic-one-user-model-understand-user-structure/#roles). The **All product admin** role has this capability, as do the default groups [**Admin** and **User**](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-user-management/new-relic-one-user-model-understand-user-structure/#groups). 

Reviewer 2: Can't an account manager can also create a custom group/role that has this privilege?

To learn more about account/user models, see [User model overview](/docs/accounts/original-accounts-billing/original-product-based-pricing/overview-changes-pricing-user-model/#user-models).

## Account access

For organizations with master/sub-account structures: 

> * If you add New Relic One apps to a master account, that access is inherited by all of its sub-accounts.

Reviewer 2: You've used the term "subscribe" throughout this piece. I recommend sticking with that here instead of "add".

Also, you could use active voice and more casual language:

> If you subscribe a master account to an app or visualization, all of its sub-accounts can also use it

> * Applications that you create and deploy can only be subscribed to the master account that was used to publish them, or to its sub-accounts. This means that, if the app needs to be available across your organization, you might need a New Relic admin to deploy your app.

Reviewer 2: As "publishing" is the important action here, rather than "creating" and "deploying", I recommend using "publish":

> Only the master account that published a Nerdpack, or the master's sub-accounts, can subscribe to that Nerdpack. So, if you want your app to be available across your organization, you may need to publish it from your organization's master account.
